chore(components): prevent errors when post-tooltip has no internal element (cherrypick /v9) (#5740)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/unlucky-ravens-sort.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Added check to prevent errors when `<post-tooltip-trigger>` has no internal element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `post-tooltip-trigger` component to prevent errors when it does not contain an internal HTML element.
```
